Cleaned up a lot of different pages (#236)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/power-and-electronics/motor-guide/choosing-motor.rst

Available Spur Gearboxes and Motors
-----------------------------------

.. danger::

>   Spur gearboxes are NOT recommended due to their shorter lifespan and lower mechanical resiliance compared to planetary gearboxes. If you are purchasing new motors, it is highly suggested to purchase planetary gearbox motors instead. Care should be taken to not put load on the output shaft of a spur gearbox. In perticular, spur gear motors should NOT be used in high load applications, such as a drivetrain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Spur gearboxes are NOT recommended due to their shorter lifespan and lower mechanical resilience compared to planetary gearboxes. If you are purchasing new motors, it is highly suggested to purchase planetary gearbox motors instead. Care should be taken to not put load on the output shaft of a spur gearbox. In particular, spur gear motors should NOT be used in high load applications, such as a drivetrain
```

- :term:`REV HD Hex Planetary <HD Hex Motor>` 40:1 motor - This motor comes only in a 40:1 ratio, but does use the same connections (JST VH) as the :term:`REV Expansion <Expansion Hub>` and Control Hub for power which means no adapter cables. The output :term:`shaft <Shaft>` is a 5mm hex :term:`shaft <Shaft>`. :term:`REV UltraHex <UltraHex>` has a 5mm hex :term:`bore <Bore>` running through the middle of a 1/2” hex :term:`shaft <Shaft>`, which makes adapting this motor to any length of :term:`UltraHex`, and by extension, 1/2” hex :term:`shaft <Shaft>`, very easy.
- :term:`Andymark NeveRest <NeveRest Motor>` Classic motors come in a few different ratios, which are 40:1 and 60:1. The output shaft is a :term:`6mm D-shaft <Shaft>`, and like all NeveRest motors use the :term:`Anderson PowerPole` to connect to power. This connector is perhaps the most robust of the ones listed here.

Planetary Gearboxes
-------------------

> Standard planetary gearboxes include :term:`Andymark NeveRest Orbital motors <NeveRest Motor>`, :term:`REV 20:1 Planetary motor <HD Hex Motor>`, and :term:`goBILDA's 5202 Series Yellow Jacket Motors <Yellow Jacket Motor>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard planetary gearboxes include :term:`Andymark NeveRest Orbital motors <NeveRest Motor>`, :term:`REV 20:1 Planetary motor <HD Hex Motor>`, and :term:`goBILDA's 5202/5203/5204 Series Yellow Jacket Motors <Yellow Jacket Motor>`.
```

Any of these “standard” gearboxes are more robust than spur gearboxes. Like the spur gearboxes, the gearboxes from different vendors, while not interchangeable, are very comparable in terms of robustness. Once again, the main thing to consider here is your desired reduction, your desired motor connections, and your desired output :term:`shaft <Shaft>` type.

> - `goBILDA Yellow Jacket <https://www.gobilda.com/yellow-jacket-planetary-gear-motors/>`_ has the most varied selection of gearbox ratios with too many to list here, but utilize the rather uncommon bullet connection for power. The output :term:`shaft <Shaft>` is a :term:`6mm D-shaft <Shaft>` or 8 Rex (7mm hex rounded to 8mm round).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `goBILDA Yellow Jacket <https://www.gobilda.com/yellow-jacket-planetary-gear-motors/>`_ has the most varied selection of gearbox ratios with too many to list here, but utilize the rather uncommon bullet connection for power. The output :term:`shaft <Shaft>` is a :term:`6mm D-shaft <Shaft>` or 8 REX (7 mm hex rounded to 8 mm).
```

- Andymark NeveRest Orbital motors come in two :term:`ratios <Gear Reduction>`, 3.7:1 and 20:1. The output shaft is a :term:`6mm D-shaft <Shaft>`, and like all :term:`NeveRest motors <NeveRest Motor>` use the :term:`Anderson PowerPole` to connect to power. This connector is perhaps the most robust of the ones listed here.
- `REV UltraPlanetary <https://www.revrobotics.com/rev-41-1600/>`_ gearbox - The UltraPlanetary is a customizable planetary gearbox that is designed for FTC. The three gearbox options are 3:1, 4:1, and 5:1, and can be mix & matched to create a custom ratio. It is possible to use from one to three gearboxes for a minimum ratio of 3:1 and a maximum of 125:1.

  .. note::

>     While REV lists the UltraPlanetary stages as 3:1, 4:1, and 5:1, their actual gear ratios are slightly off. Consult the `REV UltraPlanetary User's Manual for the exact gear ratios <https://docs.revrobotics.com/ultraplanetary/ultraplanetary-gearbox/cartridge-details>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    While REV lists the UltraPlanetary stages as 3:1, 4:1, and 5:1, their actual gear ratios are slightly different. Consult the `REV UltraPlanetary User's Manual for the exact gear ratios <https://docs.revrobotics.com/ultraplanetary/ultraplanetary-gearbox/cartridge-details>`_.
```
